mind your decisions i'm presh tall
walker start with the trapezoid where
these two sides are congruent the
trapezoid has angles of 80 degrees 80
degrees 100 degrees and 100 degrees now
join congruent trapezoids to form a
closed ring
how many trapezoids are needed in total
to form a closed ring this is said to be
one of the toughest questions asked on
the SAT which I saw on a thread on Quora
pause if you'd like to give this problem
a try and when you're ready keep
watching to learn how to solve this
problem
[Music]
so how can we solve this problem we can
actually simulate it on the computer
quite nicely we can actually place
trapezoids adjacent to each other until
we form a closed ring we then just need
to count the total number of trapezoids
and there we go we get our answer of 18
however you won't be able to use
computer software on the test so how do
we solve it using pencil and paper
well let's place adjacent trapezoids and
then calculate this exterior angle
around the closed ring since we have an
80 degree angle here this exterior angle
will be 180 minus 80 minus 80 which
simplifies to be 20 degrees now we'll
use a property of exterior angles in a
polygon the sum of the exterior angles
will be equal to 360 degrees since 1 x
terior angle is 20 degrees we have n
times 20 degrees is equal to 360 and
therefore n is equal to 18 and that will
be our answer which exactly matches what
we found before what's more is we can
use this method in the video to solve
similar problems so I challenge you to
this variation of the problem where one
angle in the trapezoid is 60 degrees and
I challenge you to another variation
where one angle is 75 degrees
how many trapezoids will be needed to
form a closed ring thanks for making
mind your decisions one of the best
channels on YouTube as always thanks for
watching and thanks for your support
[Music]
you